COMSC-020NC sections (2025-10-15T10:01:14):
Term;Location;Section #;Course Start Date - End Date Meeting Days/Time/Building/Room;Units;Instructor(s);Comments;Status;Seats Available
2026SP;DVC;5522;COMSC-020NC - IBM SkillsBuild Micro-Credential: Data Analytics II - Noncredit 3/30/2026 - 5/08/2026 OFF ONLINE;;;OFF;ONLINE;0.00;Lee, Kyu Woong;Lee, Kyu Woong;Note: 100% online course. All instruction will be online. Go to www.dvc.edu/online for course access information. Note: This is the second of two courses required for the newly created non-credit IBM SkillsBuild Micro-Credential Data Analytics Certificate. You will be eligible for a Certificate of Completion upon successful completion of the two courses.  In these two courses, you will explore the power and potential of using data to gain insights, analyze information, and make decisions. You will learn essential concepts and techniques to collect, analyze, and interpret data across a variety of scenarios, case studies, and industries.  The IBM SkillsBuild Micro-Credential Data Analytics Certificate also includes a wide variety of hands-on experiences, capstone projects, and contextualized employability skills practice, with opportunities to explore related jobs, research additional industry-recognized certifications, and consider how best to apply your new knowledge and skills in your career. Earn six micro-credential badges along the way in addition to your final certificate. The micro-credentials include: .  Data Classification .  Data Usability for Organizations .  Introduction to Inferential and Descriptive Statistics .  Data Collection and Analysis .  Data Preparation for Analysis .  Data Visualization and Presentation;Open;35
;;OFF;ONLINE
2026SP;DVC;5060;COMSC-020NC - IBM SkillsBuild Micro-Credential: Data Analytics II - Noncredit 3/30/2026 - 5/08/2026 OFF ONLINE;;;OFF;ONLINE;0.00;Jagpal, Rupinder;Jagpal, Rupinder;Note: 100% online course. All instruction will be online. Go to www.dvc.edu/online for course access information. Note: This is the second of two courses required for the newly created non-credit IBM SkillsBuild Micro-Credential Data Analytics Certificate. You will be eligible for a Certificate of Completion upon successful completion of the two courses.  In these two courses, you will explore the power and potential of using data to gain insights, analyze information, and make decisions. You will learn essential concepts and techniques to collect, analyze, and interpret data across a variety of scenarios, case studies, and industries.  The IBM SkillsBuild Micro-Credential Data Analytics Certificate also includes a wide variety of hands-on experiences, capstone projects, and contextualized employability skills practice, with opportunities to explore related jobs, research additional industry-recognized certifications, and consider how best to apply your new knowledge and skills in your career. Earn six micro-credential badges along the way in addition to your final certificate. The micro-credentials include: .  Data Classification .  Data Usability for Organizations .  Introduction to Inferential and Descriptive Statistics .  Data Collection and Analysis .  Data Preparation for Analysis .  Data Visualization and Presentation;Open;35
;;OFF;ONLINE